SCALE 4x Online Registration Now Open

FOR IMMEDIATE RELEASE
Los Angeles, CA
December 13, 2005

The Southern California Linux Expo has announced the availability of online ticket sales for SCALE 4x. Early ticket purchases are discounted. Special student pricing is also available.
SCALE 4x will be held on February 11-12, 2006 at the Los Angeles Airport Radisson.


Speakers and sponsors are being added daily, with the list now including:

Commercial Sponsors: IBM, Google, Scalix, LFS Technologies, Centrify and Ticketmaster.

Non-profit - NetBSD, Debian, KDE, Ubuntu, Fedora Core, Cinepaint, Knoppmyth, CACert, Linux Astronomy, Open Source Exchange Replacement Project, LTSP, X.Org, Wikimedia Foundation

Confirmed speakers include:

Chris Dibona - Google
John Terpstra - Samba
David Uhlman - Uversa
Bernard Soriano - California Department of Motor Vehicles
David Mandelstam - Sangoma
Aaron Seigo - KDE
Matt Asay - Alfresco
Janinne Brunyee - RealNetworks
David Schachter - Sleepycat Software
Glen Martin - SpikeSource
Jono BaconSi Chen - OpenSource Strategies
Kevin McElligott - iTech Developers
Robin Rowe- Cinepaint
Jim Winstead - MySQL
Alex Perry - PAMurray
Stephen McDowell - AMD
Hal Steger - Scalix
Dan Kegel - Google
Hans Reiser - The Naming System Venture
Jan Hichert - Astaro

SCALE 4x will offer expanded floor space, more exhibits and an increased number of tutorial sessions for users at any skill level.

To purchase tickets for SCALE 4x, visit us at http://socallinuxexpo.com/order/order.html .

Join us February 11 & 12, 2006 to learn more about Linux, get the most out of Open Source offerings or to meet like-minded users and companies.

The Linux Expo of Southern California was established in 2001 with a mission to act as an advocate on behalf of Open Source software to businesses, academic institutions and the Linux community.

To learn more about sponsoring SCALE, to submit a paper, or to get additional information about our speakers and sponsors, see http://socallinuxexpo.com, or email info@socallinuxexpo.com.
